README.md, before:

#  My-Python-Code

# _This a repository of some of my previous work. These are primarily assignments from CMPT 120 and little projects I made to practice my coding abilities._
#
#
#
# _Here is one of my projects I'm especially proud of, it's a bit goofy but I really enjoyed working on this project so I wanted to show it off as an example of what you'll find in this repository_
#
# _I took a bunch of standard yellow bananas then turned them pink!_ 
# _We start with these..._
![yellowbananas](https://github.com/isaacrankinsfu/My-Python-Code/blob/master/yellow%20bananas.PNG)
# _Then write a program..._
![codeimage](https://github.com/isaacrankinsfu/My-Python-Code/blob/master/code.PNG)
# _With a function which picks up the relevant shades of yellow based on RGB values..._
![colordetector](https://github.com/isaacrankinsfu/My-Python-Code/blob/master/color%20detector.PNG)
# _Then magically we have "gmo" pink bananas!_
# _Who wouldn't love to try a pink banana?_
![pinkbananas](https://github.com/isaacrankinsfu/My-Python-Code/blob/master/pink%20bananas.PNG)



#
#
#
#
# _All my code in this repository is in Python, if you'd like, you can copy it into wherever you run Python. I really like using Repl.it, a site where you can create and run code in various different languages_

Commit message:

instructions on using code with files

README.md, after:

#  My-Python-Code

# _This a repository of some of my previous work. These are primarily assignments from CMPT 120 and little projects I made to practice my coding abilities._
#
#
#
# _Here is one of my projects I'm especially proud of, it's a bit goofy but I really enjoyed working on this project so I wanted to show it off as an example of what you'll find in this repository_
#
# _I took a bunch of standard yellow bananas then turned them pink!_ 
# _We start with these..._
![yellowbananas](https://github.com/isaacrankinsfu/My-Python-Code/blob/master/yellow%20bananas.PNG)
# _Then write a program..._
![codeimage](https://github.com/isaacrankinsfu/My-Python-Code/blob/master/code.PNG)
# _With a function which picks up the relevant shades of yellow based on RGB values..._
![colordetector](https://github.com/isaacrankinsfu/My-Python-Code/blob/master/color%20detector.PNG)
# _Then magically we have "GMO" pink bananas!_
![pinkbananas](https://github.com/isaacrankinsfu/My-Python-Code/blob/master/pink%20bananas.PNG)
# _Who wouldn't love to try a pink banana?_
#
#
#
#
#
# _All my code in this repository is in Python, if you'd like, you can copy it into wherever you run Python. I really like using Repl.it, a site where you can create and run code in various different languages_
# 
# _Some of the code requires the use of files. Those files are either in the repository named in a fashion that makes it clear which code it is meant for, or if the file is very small just for the purpose of testing, it will be at the bottom of the file containing the code
